[WJ-440] Client/frontend monorepo design (#181)
scpwiki/wikijump: client/docs/websites.md

The file structure will look like this:
```
website:
- public/ (might have to be created)
  - **/*
- src/
  - index.html
  - **/*
- package.json
- snowpack.config.cjs
- tsconfig.json
```

The `public` folder is where source files that do not need compiling or transformations by Snowpack are kept. The `src` folder is where the rest of the source files go, such as TypeScript, CSS, etc. The file structure of these two folders are compiled/built into a `dist/` folder by Snowpack.

Other than the inheritance of development dependencies and tooling configurations, websites act like fairly normal NPM packages. If you need to add a dependency to one, you can either navigate to the website package and do a normal `npm i <dep>` command, or manually add it to the `package.json`. After you do that, you need to make sure to run the `npm run bootstrap` command at the root. This ensures that all the fragile symlinks get restored by Lerna.

There is a template for making websites, and it can be found in the `templates/website-template` folder.

> 1. Create a folder in `web/` named the same as the website's package name.
> 
> 2. Copy the contents of `templates/website-template` into the new folder.
> 
> 3. Edit `package.json`, and change the `name` field to the name of this package.
> 
> 4. You're done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a folder in `web/` named the same as the website's package name.
2. Copy the contents of `templates/website-template` into the new folder.
3. Edit `package.json`, and change the `name` field to the name of this package.
4. You're done!
```

# Monorepo: Websites

> This monorepo has special support for website packages, in the `web/` folder. These are quite a bit more complex than module packages. While technically there is no specific restriction on what can be used to build or develop a website package, it is recommended that you use [Snowpack](https://www.snowpack.dev/). This doc. will assume that you're using Snowpack and that you started with the `templates/website-template` configuration.

Reviewer 2: What possible reasons are there for using something other than Snowpack? Would it make sense to explain why a divergence would occur? In general it seems any standard new package should use Snowpack, so we should recommend it in stronger terms here.

Author: This goes back to me "not wanting to hide how the repo works", but I can think of a few reasons. If you were using a static site generator, say for a development blog, you wouldn't want to demand Snowpack because it's not needed. All that is technically needed is a `dev` and `build` command. The simplicity of that requirement makes me feel uneasy about demanding the usage of Snowpack.

Reviewer: The documentation here generally seems to assume that the reader is working as an individual and can do whatever they want, but that's not really the case here, as this is a team project with checks and measures and shit. A little authoritativeness with the implied "and discuss with the rest of the team" wouldn't hurt, though this is fine for now. Generally though I think it's a not-so-great idea to have documentation that ambiguously either describes the repository as it currently is, or speculatively describes what it could be

> This monorepo has special support for website packages, in the `web/` folder. These are quite a bit more complex than module packages. While technically there is no specific restriction on what can be used to build or develop a website package, it is recommended that you use [Snowpack](https://www.snowpack.dev/). This doc. will assume that you're using Snowpack and that you started with the `templates/website-template` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This monorepo has special support for website packages, in the `web/` folder. These are quite a bit more complex than module packages. While technically there is no specific restriction on what can be used to build or develop a website package, it is recommended that you use [Snowpack](https://www.snowpack.dev/). This documentation will assume that you're using Snowpack and that you started with the `templates/website-template` configuration.
```

The file structure will look like this:
```
website:
- public/ (might have to be created)
  - **/*
- src/
  - index.html
  - **/*
- package.json
- snowpack.config.cjs
- tsconfig.json
```

The `public` folder is where source files that do not need compiling or transformations by Snowpack are kept. The `src` folder is where the rest of the source files go, such as TypeScript, CSS, etc. The file structure of these two folders are compiled/built into a `dist/` folder by Snowpack.

> Other than the inheritance of development dependencies and tooling configurations, websites act like fairly normal NPM packages. If you need to add a dependency to one, you can either navigate to the website package and do a normal `npm i <dep>` command, or manually add it to the `package.json`. After you do that, you need to make sure to run the `npm run bootstrap` command at the root. This ensures that all the fragile symlinks get restored by Lerna.

Reviewer 2: Ditto re `npm i --save`

> If you are wondering how you actually make a website using Snowpack, I would look into the Snowpack documentation. It's a fairly straightforward process.

Reviewer 2: One thing I'm a little confused about with this is what "website" means here. This is for building the Wikijump frontend, why would there be websites within our website?

Author: `web/` holds any number of websites. Wikijump already has at least two - the `.org` blog, and the actual wiki. One of these website packages would be the frontend proper, maybe just named `frontend`.

Reviewer 2: Oh I see, okay.

> If you are wondering how you actually make a website using Snowpack, I would look into the Snowpack documentation. It's a fairly straightforward process.

Reviewer: I don't think this line really adds anything - we would have to hope that contributors aren't making websites willy-nilly
```suggestion

```

There is a template for making websites, and it can be found in the `templates/website-template` folder.

> 1. Create a folder in `web/` that is the name of your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a folder in `web/` named the same as the website's package name.
```
'the name of the website' is a little ambiguous - for example this would imply `wikijump.org`, but `blog` would be just as valid (in fact maybe moreso if dots aren't allowed in package names? unsure)

2. Copy the contents of `templates/website-template` into the new folder.

> 3. Edit `package.json`, and change the `name` field. It should probably match the name of the folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Edit `package.json`, and change the `name` field to the name of this package.
```

> 4. You're done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a folder in `web/` that is the name of your website.
1. Copy the contents of `templates/website-template` into the new folder.
1. Edit `package.json`, and change the `name` field. It should probably match the name of the folder.
1. You're done!
```
We can let Markdown generate the numbers

Author: I uh... don't like this. I'm all for being terse but, this just reads really weird.

Reviewer: Would you at least consider squishing the lines together so it gets `ol` + auto-numbering even if the actual numbers in the source are wrong? (I think that's how it works anyway)

```suggestion
1. Create a folder in `web/` that is the name of your website.
2. Copy the contents of `templates/website-template` into the new folder.
3. Edit `package.json`, and change the `name` field. It should probably match the name of the folder.
4. You're done!
```

Author: does GFM not handle line breaks like that?
oops
god darn it I can't accept the commit suggESTSTION
